Master, you are too impulsive
We haven't got the Tai Chi Rabbit now either.
You have become like this
If the pig shuts up
What qualifications do you have to educate me?
In one day I order you to kill one
Get back the Tai Chi Rabbit
Otherwise neither of us will survive
You know what I mean?
I don't know how many people died for this Tai Chi map
What is the secret of this Taiji map?
Supreme Lord Miss Shen asks to see you
What is he doing with me?
Miss Shen would like to invite you to dinner
Or I'll send someone to move him away
Wait a minute.
Tell him I'll be there later
Master, I'm a little tricky here
The Tai Chi diagram has fallen into Ye Feifan's hands
And he was powerful.
A bunch of trash takes care of you
You have the strength of this great power
It should be no problem to recapture the Taiji map, right?
Tell Ye Feifan
If he is willing to hand over the Tai Chi Soil
I can bring him back to the wild house
If you don't want to hand over the Tai Chi Soil
Dead understand
Ye Feifan
I really underestimated you
Looks like I'll have to slander you myself this time